We've got our singleton put together.
But now the big question is how do we actually use this from somewhere else inside of our project?
Well, the first thing I want to do is improve the semantics around accessing the client inside of here
a little bit more.
Right now, we have marked the client instance variable as private, which means nothing else inside
of our application can access this client.
Remember that our ultimate goal here is inside of our new ticket route handler.
So here's routes new.
The ultimate goal is to be able to call ticket, create a publisher, and provide the client like the
actual Nat's client as an argument to it.
So we do need to somehow expose this client to the outside world, but just keep in mind that this client
thing might at some point in times be undefined.
So I want to expose this to outside people, but I also want to somehow throw in air or something very
similar to that.
If someone tries to access this client before it is actually ready to be used.
So in other words, before we have actually called connect.
So to do so, we're going to use a typescript getter that we're going to assign to this class.
Inside the class, I'm going to add in Git and then client.
So the idea here is that we're going to access the Nats client by using this client property.
And if we try to call this thing or make use of this thing before we have actually use Kinect, I want
to throw in air.
So I'm going to say inside if you're if not this dot underscore client.
Throw new air and we're going to throw an air with a text to something like cannot.
Access Nets client before.
Connecting.
If we have already define the client.
So in other words, if we have called Kinect already, then ask that if statement we will return this
dot underscore client.
So now we can go back over to our new route handler.
Inside the roots directory.
I'm inside the new file.
At the very top.
We can import Nat's wrapper from up one directory.
Nats wrapper.
And now when we attempt to publish that event, rather than passing a just client right there, we'll
do that's wrapper dot client like so.
So that's how we make use of a Gitter in TypeScript.
We do not do a client with parentheses because that is not a function we just defined.
It is a guitar.
It's going to define the client property on the instance.
So it's going to be just client by itself.
If we try to access this client before it's actually been defined or before we've connected to nets.
Like I said, this function is going to throw an error and so we'll see that light up and we'll know,
Oh, we tried to access the Nets client before we actually tried to connect.
Now with that guitar in place, we can also make a little update inside the promise down here.
So now, rather than trying to say this dot underscore client and have to put in the nasty exclamation
right there, we can instead just do this dot client in both them.
And so if for some reason we assigned underscore client right here and then that thing got unassigned.
Very unlikely.
Extremely unlikely.
Not really going to happen.
But if that happened between that assignment and running the body of this promise, well, this will
make sure we throw an error and say, hey, something really funny is going on.
Okay.
So that is just about it.
So we've now got this singleton class.
It has a connect method that we can await that connection on, which is fantastic.
The Kinect method is going to take these connection properties also.
Great.
We only have one instance of this class floating around because we exported a class at the bottom.
So that means that we can connect from inside of our index file.
We can then access the client from any other file inside of our project, and we do not have to worry
about any cyclical dependencies.
So the singleton is now complete and it is looking pretty good.
We're pretty much done with this as far as the kind of singleton side goes.
But there is one last thing we're going to take care of inside of here.
You might recall that back on our Nat's test little mini project, if we take a look at that listener
file once again, you'll recall that we made a really big deal around making sure that we cleaned up
our Nats connection.
Whenever we were about to end this process.
So we need to make sure that we do something very similar inside of our project as well.
Whenever our project is about to be shut down, we want to make sure that we clean up our nets connection.
So let's take care of that last little bit of recordkeeping in the next video.